Idea: a fixed-size "Rosetta Stone"-like project for showing syntactic
differences between popular programming languages.

The basic idea is that of rosettacode.org, but with important differences:

- Fixed size, so that in a paper form, the same language is in the same spot on
  every page.

- A very limited number of languages, also fixed

- Show only basic syntax, not entire solutions to hard problems, and show only
  equivalent code

The main goal is to have something that people can browse through, to get a
feel for Perl 6 as a language, so Perl 6 gets a special treatment: it doesn't
just get code, it also gets some room for explanatory text.

The other languages selected for the project should be mostly similar in
linguistic feature set, to optimize the number of translations, but preferably
dissimilar when it comes to basic syntax, to make the differences stand out
more. More important, though, is that only very popular languages are chosen,
to maximize the audience.

This project is specifically NOT intended to become a wiki or an interactive
system, although a wiki could be used to gather contributions, and interactive
versions could be made afterwards. The project primarily revolves around
something that could be published in book form.

Another thing that it's NOT: a TIMTOWTDI showcase. While it's an explicit goal
to include as many Perl 6 language features as possible, I believe it's not
a good idea to overwhelm people with 5 ways to call a method, if only 2 are
actively used by the majority of Perl 6 programmers.

The list of languages should at least include Perl 5 and Perl 6.

Inspiration can be drawn from tutorial books, like Beginning Perl, from 5-to-6
guides, and of course, rosettacode.org

At this moment, I'm using "Philae Code" as the working name for the project.
The Rosetta stone had 3 languages, the Philae obelisk had 2. The number of
languages I currently think would be the most nice is 5 or 7. I have a
preference for an odd number because that allows for a 2 row table with one
cell left for explanatory text.
